BIGO LIVE

To strengthen the management of the BIGO LIVE community and foster a positive and inclusive environment, we have established a Community Guidelines ("Guidelines") that specifies prohibited content on BIGO LIVE.
BIGO LIVE users must comply with the relevant laws and regulations of the country where they are located and the BIGO LIVE management guidelines. If a violation of the guidelines is detected, we may take actions including content removal, account restrictions, account suspension, or device suspension.
These Guidelines apply to all types of content on our platform, including but not limited to livestreaming, short videos, comment, bar images, etc.
Note: BIGO LIVE may revise and update these Guidelines at its sole discretion by posting an updated version. Such changes take effect immediately upon posting.

Serious Violations

1
Acts that endanger local public security and laws are strictly prohibited, including but not limited to:
Endangering national security and harming national interests;
Inciting national or racial enmity, hatred or discrimination;
Insulting religious policies, disrupting social order, participating in illegal assemblies, and violating morality;
Sabotaging or insulting religious policies, inciting religious opposition, propagating cults and feudal superstitions;
Spreading violence, terror or encouraging criminal behavior.
2
Spreading terror, extremism and promoting war speech are strictly prohibited.
3
Gambling is strictly prohibited.
4
Taking Drugs is strictly prohibited.
5
Disseminating content that endangers life and safety is strictly prohibited.
6
Publishing or disseminating pornographic and vulgar content is strictly prohibited, including but not limited to:
Content that exposes or describes sexual body parts;
Content that portrays or implies sexual behavior in a provocative or offensive manner;
Content that details sexual acts, processes, or methods using suggestive or explicit language;
Nudity, including full-body exposure, partial exposure of private parts, or using other body parts as coverage;
Content that violates personal privacy, such as explicit images, candid photos, or leaked materials;
Titles designed to attract clicks through vulgar or provocative language;
Pornographic or indecent text, audio, or video prohibited by relevant authorities, including deleted scenes from movies;
Content promoting harmful behaviors, such as one-night stands, wife-swapping, or sexual abuse;
Erotic animations, novels, or similar materials;
Advertisements for illegal sexual products or treatments for sexually transmitted diseases;
Malicious dissemination of pornographic material that infringes others' privacy;
Links, images, texts, or other content promoting pornographic websites or vulgar information;
Content related to sex toys, sexual health products, or associated advertisements;
Pornographic or vulgar tattoos.
7
Infringing content and violating the privacy of others are strictly prohibited.
8
Promoting competing products and poaching users are strictly prohibited.
9
Conducting fraud and illegal transactions is strictly prohibited, including but not limited to the following actions:
Illegally buying and selling diamonds, gold beans, fraudulent activities, etc.;
Impersonating the official to send information, links, etc.;
Holding an event in an official name without prior authorization;
Illegally using official materials, including but not limited to avatars, materials, etc.
Publishing content that undermines the legitimate interests of the platform is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to, the following: promotion of competitor products, dissemination of fraudulent advertisements, sharing of personal information, or other actions that may harm the platform's reputation or operations.
Infringing upon the legitimate rights and interests of others is strictly prohibited. Prohibited actions include but are not limited to: Disclosure of personal private information, such as payment QR codes, telephone numbers, ID card numbers, bank account details, and passport information; Infringement upon or impersonation of other streamers, including misusing their name, likeness, or content; Publishing or displaying content that promotes competing products, such as live videos, recordings, or text descriptions featuring rival brands or services.
10
Endangering minors in any form is strictly prohibited, including but not limited to child sexual abuse material (CSAM), sexual exploitation, misconduct, grooming, or any other activities harmful to minors. The acts that are strictly prohibited include but not limited to:
Involving harm to the physical or mental well-being of minors, such as promoting inappropriate romantic relationships, underage marriage, or childbearing;
Violating the privacy of minors, such as displaying their sexual organs, sexually explicit content, or sexualized images of minors;
Depicting or encouraging violence against minors, including school violence, cyberbullying, or other social crimes;
Involving harmful behaviors among minors, such as underage drinking, smoking, drug use, or discussions that normalize or encourage suicide;
Engaging in the sexual exploitation of minors, including but not limited to instigating minors to create or share nude videos or photos, conducting "remote" indecent acts, befriending minors online for the purpose of sexual contact or exchanging explicit materials, and other acts that violate applicable laws;
Involving circumvention of supervision and protection of minors, such as inducing minors to livestreaming, top up, reward, and strategies for circumventing youth restrictions, etc.;
Other content that endangers the safety and health of minors.
Note: We strictly prohibit users from creating, uploading, or distributing any content that involves the exploitation or abuse of minors in any form, including but not limited to sexual abuse. Any such content will be removed immediately and punish the responsible accounts. If you encounter content on the BIGO LIVE platform that you believe exploits or abuses minors, please use the Report button to notify us. For similar content found on other platforms or elsewhere on the Internet, we encourage you to contact the relevant authorities in your country directly.
If we identify content on our platform that may involve the sexual abuse or exploitation of minors, we will take appropriate actions, which may include reporting to relevant authorities in the applicable country or region (e.g., local police, child protection agencies, or the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children (NCMEC) in the United States). If you believe a minor is in danger or has been subjected to abuse, exploitation, or trafficking, please promptly contact your local law enforcement agency or Child Protective Services(CPS).
General violations

1
Smoking, drinking (including acts such as intoxication, going berserk, or falling asleep while drunk), and driving are strictly prohibited during livestreaming.
2
Speech or content that involves slander, abuse, harassment, molestation, violates local laws, or breaches BIGO LIVE management rules is not allowed.
3
Performances, gestures, or sounds of a pornographic or vulgar nature, as well as music or actions implying vulgarity, are prohibited. Examples include, but are not limited to, wearing underwear as outerwear or exposing significant portions of the chest or buttocks.
Note: Certain situations, such as swimming in a swimsuit, male shirtless fitness sessions, or boxing, are deemed appropriate and will not result in action.
4
Conducting livestreaming with meaningless or inactive content (e.g., prolonged idle streaming) is not permitted.
5
Unauthorized retransmission of live performances, films, or television programs is prohibited.
6
Posting promotional comments or commercial advertisements is not allowed.
7
Avoid uploading videos with meaningless content (e.g., dim lighting, blurry visuals) or materials that are vulgar, scary, or uncomfortable. Videos must be longer than 5 seconds, and covers in monochrome or grayscale are strictly prohibited.

BAR&COMMUNITY
In order to strengthen BIGO LIVE community management and build a healthy and harmonious talent display and appreciation platform, the official has the right to deal with illegal content and behavior.
Definition of illegal content: The rules and regulations apply to community content including but not limited to short videos, bar pictures and texts, community pictures and texts, comments, etc.
Violations include but are not limited to:
1
Insulting religious policies, inciting religious opposition, disrupting social order, endangering life safety, and participating in illegal assemblies, such as burning the portraits of state leaders, portraits of religious leaders, national flags and banknotes, insulting religious relics, propaganda, provocative words, slogans, banners that spread or incite religious, racial discrimination and terrorism, etc.
2
Spreading violence, blood, drugs, weapons, violent terrorist weapons or instigate crimes are strictly prohibited.
3
Gambling is strictly prohibited.
4
Drugs are strictly prohibited.
5
Display pornographic content and display sensitive parts of the body with sexual characteristics in any way are strictly prohibited.
6
Content that damages the interests of the official platform is strictly prohibited, such as: competing product promotions, fraudulent advertisements, personal information, etc.;
7
Infringing on the legitimate rights and interests of others is strictly prohibited, including but not limited to: revealing private information, payment QR codes, phone numbers, ID cards, bank cards, passports, etc.; infringing and impersonating other hosts; introducing live broadcast, video, text of other competing product.
8
Commercial comments of a promotional nature are strictly prohibited.
Video upload: Avoid including but not limited to shooting meaningless content (dim light/blurred image) and contents of vulgar, scary and uncomfortable; the length of the video should not be less than 5 seconds, and the cover of the video is strictly prohibited to be monochrome or gray.
BIGO LIVE reserves the right of final interpretation for the handling of all rules.

PUNISH&APPEAL
Punishment Effect

BIGO LIVE officials conduct comprehensive evaluation and may impose punishment according to objective factors such as the degree of violation, the time of violation and the subject of violation, including but not limited to:
Restricting device login
Restricting account login
Restricting livestreaming
Restricting information modification permission
Restricting recommendation
Restricting posts and comments
Deleting violations
Banning account
Deducting or freezing account wallet balance
Any other necessary measures taken by BIGO LIVE

Self-Service Appeal

If the user has any objection to the official punishment result of BIGO LIVE, please appeal through the customer service channel or the self-service channel in the user-end.
Appeal email: feedback@bigo.tv