Community Guidelines
Welcome to the Match community. If you’re honest, kind and respectful to others, you’ll always be welcome here. If you choose not to be, you may not last. Our goal is to allow users to express themselves freely as long as it doesn’t offend others. Everyone is held to the same standard on Match. We’re asking you to be considerate, think before you act and abide by our community guidelines both on and offline. You heard that right: Your offline behavior can lead to termination of your Match account.
Below is a list of our community policies. If you violate any of these rules, you might be banned from Match. Seriously, don’t make us break up with you — because there will be no apologies or second chances once we do.
We encourage you to report any behavior that violates our policies, and read up on our Safety Tips.
Nudity/Sexual Content
We’re not asking you to cover up in a ski parka or even speak in full sentences, but please keep it classy and appropriate for public consumption. No nudity or sexually explicit content, and don’t chronicle all of your sexual desires in your bio. Keep it clean.
Harassment
Do not engage, or encourage others to engage, in any targeted abuse or harassment against any other user. This includes sending any unsolicited sexual content to your matches. Reports of stalking, threats, bullying or intimidation are taken very seriously.
Violence and Physical Harm
We do not tolerate violent, graphic or gory content on Match, or any actions or content that advocate for or threaten violence of any sort, including threatening or promoting terrorism. Physical assault, coercion and any acts of violence are strictly prohibited.
Content that advocates for or glorifies suicide or self-harm is also not allowed. In these situations, we may take a number of steps to assist the user, including reaching out with crisis resources.
Hate Speech
Any content that promotes, advocates for or condones racism, bigotry, hatred, or violence against individuals or groups based on factors like (but not limited to) race, ethnicity, religious affiliation, disability, gender, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity or political affiliation is not allowed.
Private Information
Don’t publicly broadcast any private information, whether yours or anyone else’s. This includes social security numbers, passports, passwords, financial information or unlisted contact information, such as phone numbers, email addresses and home/work addresses.
Spam
Don’t be fake. Be real instead. Don’t use Match to drive people to external websites via a link or otherwise.
Promotion or Solicitation
Soliciting other users is prohibited on Match. It’s fine to invite your matches to something that you’re doing, but if the purpose of your profile is to advertise your event or business, non-profit, political campaign, contest or to conduct research, we have the right to delete your account. While we’re excited that you’re doing a comedy show next week, please don’t use Match to promote it.
Prostitution and Trafficking
Promoting or advocating for commercial sexual services, human trafficking or other non-consensual sexual acts is strictly prohibited and will result in your account being banned from Match immediately.
Scamming
Match has a zero-tolerance policy on predatory behavior of any kind. Anyone attempting to get other users’ private information for fraudulent or illegal activity may be banned. Any user caught sharing their own financial account information (PayPal, Venmo, etc.) for the purpose of receiving money from other users may also be banned from Match.
Impersonation
Be yourself! Don’t pretend to be someone else.
Do not impersonate, or otherwise misrepresent affiliation, connection or association with any person or entity. This includes parody accounts. While we think your Kim Kardashian profile is hilarious, you aren’t Kim Kardashian. And if you are, does Kanye know you’re dating?
Minors
You must be 18 years of age or older to use Match. As such, we do not allow images of unaccompanied minors. If you want to post photos of your children, please make sure that you are in the photo as well. If you see a profile that includes an unaccompanied minor, encourages harm to a minor or depicts a minor in a sexual or suggestive way, please report it immediately.
Copyright and Trademark Infringement
If it’s not yours, don’t post it. If your Match profile includes any work that is copyrighted or trademarked by others, don’t display it, unless you are allowed to do so.
Illegal Usage
Don’t use Match to do anything illegal. Pro tip: If it’s illegal in real life, it’s illegal on Match.
One Person, One Account
Match accounts cannot have multiple owners, so don’t create an account with your friend or significant other. Additionally, please don’t maintain multiple Match accounts.
Relationship Status
We welcome all single adults seeking one-on-one relationships ranging from companionship to friendship, romance to marriage. However, Match does not cater to individuals who are already in a committed relationship or marriage. You must be single or separated from a spouse.
Account Dormancy
Match’s user-friendly app brings the fun of matching to your fingertips, whether you’re home alone or out with nothing but your phone. So, get active whenever you please. If you don’t log in to your Match account for 2+ years, we may assume you found what you’re looking for and delete your account for inactivity.