Community Guidelines
We expect everyone on OkCupid to treat each other respectfully, with kindness and compassion. We do not tolerate hateful, hurtful, or harassing content on OkCupid.  We consider unwanted sexual content and messages to be sexual harassment. We don't like jerks, so please don't be a jerk. 

Here's the thing. We want you to think about this one rule: treat online interactions as you would even if they were offline. This also applies when interacting with our lovely Billing, Moderation, and Support teams!

When sending messages, consider what you would say to someone who you just met at a club or coffee shop. 
When uploading photos, consider if the same pose or outfit would be appropriate in public. 
When creating a profile, consider if you'd feel comfortable having a family member or friend read it. 
OkCupid is not a magical place where people want to hear about your sexual fantasies out of the blue, or where you can be mean to someone with no repercussions. Treat OKCupid as a place where you can talk to other humans about things that matter to you both, and remember that the best way to make a meaningful connection with someone is to treat them well. If you have questions about consent and what it looks like check out our Consent Guide. 


Below are our community guidelines and moderation standards. If you see anyone who violates these guidelines, please report them to us right away.

In this article:

Harassment
Sexual Harassment/ Explicit Sexual Content
Hate
Violent or Graphic Content
Profile names and profile text
Unique and bona fide profile
Fake accounts
Couples/ joint accounts
Solicitation
Contact information
Illegal behavior
Minors/ under 18
Photo rules
Offsite behavior
Reporting

Harassment
If you wouldn’t say it to someone you just met in person, you shouldn’t be saying it online. Messages should be respectful, appropriate, honest, and kind. We don't tolerate "negging" (insulting statements disguised as "flirting") or other rude behavior. This expectation also includes interactions with OkCupid staff. People found to be sending harassing messages will be banned.

Additionally, profile content itself should also be respectful and kind. Profile essays which are found to be overly combative or hateful may be removed or may even result in your profile being banned.

Sexual Harassment/ Explicit Sexual Content
Exposing other people to your sexual fantasies without their consent is rude and inappropriate, and it's not what most people on OkCupid are looking for. If your profile is reported to us as sexually explicit or offensive, it will be banned. This includes kink/ fetish profiles, profiles describing which sex acts they are looking for, etc. 

We also do not allow unwanted sexually explicit messages to other users you meet on OkCupid. This includes descriptions of sexual acts/ kinks/ fetishes, sexualized comments about people's photos, etc. Even if someone says they are open to hookups on their profile, it does NOT mean they want sexually explicit messages.

Finally, we do not allow sexually explicit photos or nudity.

We consider this to be sexual harassment and will ban any offenders that are reported to us.

Hate
There is no room for hate in a place where you’re looking for love. Since our founding we have proudly stood rooted in inclusivity. 

Any content (including in profiles and messages) that promotes or condones racism, bigotry, violence, hate, dehumanization, or harm against individuals or groups based on things like race, ethnicity, disability, age, nationality, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, religion, appearance, or occupation/association with a group is strictly forbidden and may result in you being permanently banned. This includes but is not limited to:

Symbols of hate groups in photos, racist or offensive memes, etc.
Hateful slurs, offensive statements, coded language, dog whistles, or references to being a member of a hate group
Giving approval (even tacit) or statements of support towards a hate group or their ideals
It also includes your reports to OkCupid staff: if you flag a profile for no other reason than being trans, for example, it may result in your own profile being banned.
Violent or Graphic Content
We do not allow any content in photos, profiles, or messages that is threatening, incites violence, contains graphic or gratuitous violence or gore, or is disturbing or otherwise inappropriate for a dating site. This does also include depictions of self harm which can in turn be harmful for others to see. This content will be removed and may also get you banned.  

Profile names and profile text
We consider your profile's display name and your profile text to be similar to a first message or first impression to other members of the site: we expect both to be respectful and appropriate. If your profile text or name could be seen as offensive, hateful, obscene, or clearly trolling, we will take moderation action, up to and including banning your profile.

Your listed name should be the name you like to go by. It can be your first name, your initials, or a nickname- all are fine. It does not have to be the full name on your birth certificate! We do not check listed names against any kind of ID, and we trust people to enter names they'd like to go by themselves. That said, we will still moderate based on names if they include offensive or obscene language, or make a profile appear to be fake (i.e. using a celebrity name instead of your own).

Unique and bona fide profile
You must create only one unique profile. In addition, your use of OkCupid must be for bona fide relationship-seeking purposes (for example, you may not use OkCupid solely to compile a report of compatible singles in your area, to find people to join a club or group activity, or to write a school research paper).

Additionally, deleting and re-creating your account to get around other member's Passes or Blocks of you is not acceptable. If we see excessive and suspicious account deletion activity we may ban your profile. 

Fake Accounts
We do not tolerate any kind of fake accounts on OkCupid. Your profile must be really you, and must be for relationship seeking purposes.

Creating a fake account will get your main account as well as the fake account(s) banned. 

Also, your profile details such as age, height, location, etc. must be accurate. We restrict searching and showing profiles based on mutual fit for details like age, location, gender, and orientation for a reason: so that you can find a person who is looking for someone just like you. Changing these details to appear in searches that you would not otherwise is not allowed and will result in your profile being banned.  

Couples/ Joint accounts
We do not allow joint accounts or couples accounts. If you want to use OkCupid with your partner for non-monogamous dating, that's cool! However, you'll want to  link accounts with your partner instead of having one joint account.

If you are in a relationship and are dating outside of that relationship without your partner's consent and/or without disclosing your relationship status, that is a violation of our community guidelines and will get your profile banned. 
Solicitation
Using OkCupid for commercial solicitation or exchange of money is prohibited. Do not share your own financial information (PayPal, Onlyfans, Venmo, Amazon wishlist, etc.) for the purpose of receiving money or goods from other members. Do not attempt to get other member's financial or other private information.

Do not send messages or create accounts for the purpose of driving members to a business or external site. This includes recruiting people for a hobby, political group, or charity if it's not for dating purposes. Adding a link to an external site that redirects to a pay-site is not a clever way of skirting our solicitation rules, we will spot it.


We also do not allow references to sugar daddy/baby dating, asking for gifts to date, wanting to be $poiled, etc, or phrases like "Send me $5 and see what happens" on OkCupid. This all falls under solicitation of money/goods and is not allowed. 

Likewise, we also do not allow seeking, offering, or accepting money for sex, sugar baby relationships, or similar transactional activities and relationships.  

Doing any of these will get you banned.

Contact information 
We do not allow anyone to post private information for public display, including their own private information, but especially other people's. Violations of other people's privacy will result in a ban.

It's always good to be cautious when exchanging contact info. A sign of a scammer, fake account, or someone up to no good is when they are in a hurry to give you their offsite contact info too quickly. This could be because they want to get you away from OkCupid so they can continue talking with you even after we ban them, or they are sharing someone else's contact info to get revenge on them. 

Don’t give your phone number out too quickly. If a user is discovered to be a scammer or has other bad reports against them you may see the profile disappear quickly-- they may have been banned. If a user vanishes and re-appears under another name, that is a very very bad sign. We ban people for good reasons. If you have given them your phone number or email address too quickly then you won’t see if we have banned them.

If something seems strange about the way someone is exchanging contact info, or if they are displaying a phone number or email address prominently on their profile or photos, please report. 

Illegal behavior
It should go without saying, but discussion or promotion of anything illegal is not allowed and will result in getting you banned. This includes drug dealing, fraud, threats, or anything else that is against the law. We do not tolerate any kind of discussion about underage sex.

Minors/ under 18
You must be 18 to use OkCupid. We do not allow minors to use OkCupid. If you suspect a profile of being made by someone who is under 18, please report them to us. 

If you knowingly engage in conversation with someone who has revealed themselves to be under 18, we will also ban your profile. 

Photos
A more detailed list of photo rules can be found here, but here is a summary:

Photos should include your face (profile photo album), or be pictures you've taken (elsewhere). 
We do not allow any photos with nudity or explicitly sexual content.
We also do not allow any hateful imagery (white power/ nazi images, racist meme photos, etc). This will get you banned. Any photos of anything overly violent, offensive, illegal, disturbing, or otherwise inappropriate for a dating site will be removed and may also get you banned.  
Photos with contact information on them (including phone number, email address, kik, Facebook address, etc) will be removed. Repeated violation of this rule or other suspicious behavior may result in the profile being blocked as well. 
Photos of you as a kid, or of your kids but without you in the photo as well will be removed.
Finally, we will remove any image where the copyright holder has asked to have it removed, or where we strongly suspect the user is not the copyright holder (e.g., stock photos). 
For multiple offenses or extreme cases, profiles may also be banned and removed.
If a photo is removed you will be emailed and told that this has happened and warned that repeated offenses might get you banned. This warning isn't a fake one, and we will ban your account for multiple infractions.

Offsite behavior
We do ban for harmful offsite behavior. Please report any instances of offsite abuse, sexual/physical assault, harassment, stalking, theft, human trafficking, or anything else that makes you feel unsafe. We take reports of harmful offsite behavior very seriously. All reports are discreet and confidential. 

In these cases, if you decide to contact local law enforcement, we are happy to cooperate with them as needed.  

Reporting
Please help us by reporting anything or anyone that does not follow our community guidelines. 

You can report a profile by clicking the three dots icon to bring up a report button. More detailed instructions are here.

A note on malicious reporting:
In some cases we will ban an account if we've found it to be creating malicious reports against other users. This includes users who report trans or nonbinary users for no reason other than their gender or orientation, and users who submit baseless or retaliatory reports against others who are not interested in them. 

A final note:
While our Community Guidelines cover most instances of moderator action, it is not an exhaustive list, and we do retain the right to ban anyone from OkCupid if we believe you have violated the Community Guidelines, Terms of Use, misused our Services, or behaved in a way that OkCupid regards as inappropriate or unlawful, on or off our Services. 

Consent and Dating
What is Consent? 
Consent is "an ongoing process of discussing boundaries and what you're comfortable with" (RAINN.)

Consent is: 

Affirmative - communicated enthusiastically and unambiguously 
Voluntary - given freely, not under pressure
Ongoing - continuously discussed as need arises
When it comes to dating, there are many opportunities to consent or not. The following is a non-exhaustive list of consent best practices. Above all, remember that: 

You can refuse or withdraw your consent at any time, for any reason.
If someone violates your consent, it is NOT your fault 
Before Your Date:
Ground yourself. Be mentally prepared for rejection. Understand that rejection is part of the human experience, and being rejected doesn't make you unworthy. 
Remember that going on a date doesn't mean you--or your date--are agreeing to any physical intimacy. 
Know yourself: How comfortable are you with saying "No"? Does the thought of disappointing someone make you feel guilty or nervous?
If yes, take time to think about what your boundaries are and practice stating them out loud. You can even ask a friend to help you with a practice conversation.
How good are you at hearing "No"? Does being turned down make you visibly upset or angry? If so, keep in mind that this can make the other person feel unsafe. Practice responding in a kind and easygoing way.
Set up a Safety Check-in: Make sure a friend knows where you're going and when, and set a time to call or text them by to let them know things are going well. In the event they don't hear from you let them know what steps you would like them to take.
Earlier In Your Date:
Notice how well your date listens to you. If, for example, you turn down your date's offer for another round of drinks and they try to change your mind, or they get upset in a way they makes you feel guilty, that can be a useful insight into your date's future behavior. Smaller boundary violations like these may indicate a lack of respect for more important boundaries.
Notice how your date makes you feel. Ask yourself whether you feel comfortable saying no. If you don't feel comfortable, make a note of that feeling.
Notice whether you feel a genuine connection. Do they seem engaged in the conversation? Do you feel warmly towards them?    
Maybe you are confused because they seem to be giving mixed signals. This can be a sign that they're not yet comfortable with you or they don't quite know what they want yet. The only way to know for sure is to: 
Ask for clarification. Sometimes you have to be a little vulnerable and ask your date what they mean, whether they're enjoying themselves, and other direct questions to gauge their interest. 
Later In Your Date
Assess your date's ability to consent. If your date is mentally or physically incapable of giving consent, then initiating any sexual contact with them is a violation of their boundaries. This is a crime in most legal systems as well as a violation of the OkCupid Terms of Service. Do not engage in sexual activity with someone who is intoxicated, passed out, otherwise incapable of saying "No," or seems unaware of what is happening around them.
Ask permission before any physical contact. "No" should always be treated as "No" 
Remember that a "Yes" to kissing, for example, is not a "Yes" to anything more than that, and that the absence of a clear "No" does not mean "Yes". 
Communicate clearly and check in regularly. Use words and be clear. If your date asks if you want to be kissed, and you're not sure, say "No" or "Let's hold off on that." 
Nonverbal communication is valid, but it's best not to assume that your date will read your body language correctly.
Handle rejection gracefully. The date is going well, but when you invite them back to your place they say no. What do you do? 
Hearing "No" can be hard, but saying "No" to someone who takes it poorly can be a frightening experience. You don't want to be the kind of person who makes someone afraid to refuse you. 
Take a moment to collect yourself before you respond, acknowledge, and move on. "Okay, no problem!" You might even thank them for setting a clear boundary.
It's important that you do not attempt to change your date's mind, pressure or bargain with them, or make them feel guilty for "wasting your time." 
Know your rights. Remember: "You can withdraw your consent at any time, for any reason." Even if you have given consent previously. You can slow things down or stop them entirely. Any unwanted touch is a violation of your boundaries. 
After Your Date: 
Reflect on what went well, and what didn't.
Evaluate how you feel. Did you leave the date feeling listened to and that your feelings were considered? Do you feel uncomfortable or violated? 
If your date violates your consent or makes you feel uncomfortable or unsafe please report their profile.   
This includes pressuring you into agreeing to something you didn't want, overriding your stated boundaries, or harming you physically in any way. 
Seek additional support. Please review our resources page for organizations that provide services to people who have experienced sexual assault and coercion. 

Photo rules
Our photo rules are in place to keep OkCupid enjoyable for everyone. At the heart of our Community Guidelines is our golden rule: treat online interactions as you would even if they were offline.  OkCupid is a place where you can talk to other humans about things that matter to you both, and remember that the best way to make a meaningful connection with someone is to treat them well and to be respectful. We hope you keep your own safety and privacy in mind while interacting with others online. Please see our safety tips page for more information on how to keep you and your information safe.

In all interactions consent is key. Are you unsure how to define consent? Check out the consent guide here.​

Below are details on each of our photo rules. Photos containing any of the following content may be flagged and deleted, and depending on content may also result in your account being banned. If you see a photo that violates these rules, please report it to us.

If a photo is removed you will be emailed and told that this has happened and warned that repeated offenses might get you banned. This warning isn't a fake one, and we will ban your account for multiple infractions.

OkCupid Photo Rules at a glance:
1. Your Main Profile Photo must show your face

    You Main Profile Photo is the first photo on your account
2. You are not allowed to post the following anywhere on OkCupid:

Images posted without permission
Photos with contact information on them
Photos of children
Hateful, illegal, or violent imagery
Nudity and explicit sexual content
Your Main Profile Photo must be clearly and recognizably of you, and must show your face. 
OkCupid is a place for making genuine connections, not a place to post anonymously. After all, it’s only fair that both people get to see what the other looks like. Photos of you should accurately visually describe who you are as a person. Just as we expect you to honestly describe your age, location, etc. we also expect photos to accurately describe you.  If you upload a fake or blank photo to get around this rule, your account may be banned as a fake account. 



If you’re especially shy or have privacy concerns, we do have an Incognito option which allows you to hide your profile and photos to everyone on OkCupid unless you have Liked their profile.

The following types of photos are not allowed as your main Profile Photo.

Does not clearly show your face
A closeup of a body part, even if it is part of your face (eyes, mouth, etc). We must see your whole face, or at least the majority of it.
Is not recognizable as you (manipulated via filters, snapchat, photoshop, etc.). Sunglasses are generally fine as long as they are not deliberately completely obscuring your face.
Drawings or other artwork that are of you but aren't a photo.
For multiple offenses or extreme cases regarding photo rules violations, profiles may also be banned and removed.

 

Images posted without permission
Relationships are built on the foundation of trust. One way to break the trust and violate the photo messaging guidelines is to post images without the consent of the owner, person depicted in the image, or words of another. Below are examples of ways you may unknowingly post without the consent of the owner.

Chat or message screenshots with another person
Group/ couples photos where the other person has complained, or photos of children where a parent/guardian did not give permission.
Photos with contact information on them
This includes: phone number, email address, Facebook address, etc. Repeated violation of this rule or other suspicious behavior may result in the profile being blocked as well.
Photos either where the photographer or other copyright holder complained, or photos where we have reason to believe you are not the copyright holder.
Photos Including Contact Information

As discussed in our Community Guidelines, we do not allow anyone to post private information for public display. This includes not only your private information but also the private information of others.
We will remove any photos that we find to have personal contact information in them; repeated violations of this policy may result in a ban. Any account that is posting the private information of another person will be banned.


Some examples of personal contact information are:

Full names
Addresses
Employment or school details
Phone numbers
Social media handles
Banking information (including cashapp and Venmo)
Any type of QR code or weblink
Photos of children
We recognize that some parents want to be open about having children on their profiles, but OkCupid is an adults-only space. OkCupid does not allow ANY images of minors on the app.

Any images of children or minors will be removed, this includes photos of yourself as a child. Photos, drawings, or other depictions of children in inappropriate or illegal situations will result in your account being banned and may require us to report them to the appropriate authorities.

 

Hateful, illegal or violent imagery 
Any photos with hateful imagery, or anything overly violent, offensive, illegal, disturbing, or otherwise inappropriate for a dating site will be removed and may also get you banned. For example:

Images, logos, or hand signs/gestures for hate groups
Hateful memes
Images with gun or other weapons in them
Photos of weapons without you in them, or weapons being pointed at the camera are definitely not allowed
A photo of you with a weapon at a shooting range or as an officer in uniform may be acceptable, but context is important and any photo that is seen to be threatening or otherwise inappropriate by our community will be removed. 
Illegal drugs
Images that are bloody or violent (including some hunting photos, horror/gore photos, etc)
Images of self harm (these can in turn be harmful for others to see, so they are not allowed)
Nudity and explicit sexual content
Nudity and explicit sexual content is not allowed anywhere on OkCupid and will result in your profile being banned. We may also remove photos that are not fully nude but which are deemed offensive or inappropriate. For example:



Photos that do not include your face and are erotic, i.e. crotch grabbing, posing sexually on a bed, close up photos of underwear, etc. 
Some kink or fetish photos may be removed, depending on context. Extreme photos may result in a profile ban as well. 
Images where a hand, pastie, blur effect, or sticker/icon is barely covering explicit body parts may count as nudity, depending on context, and may be removed.

Photos of erections under clothing will also be removed.

Bodily fluids, including semen, urine, blood (fake blood in costumes and special effects makeup is ok) 

Once again Consent is key when sharing photos especially via photo messaging and when the subject of the photo could potentially be triggering or make someone uncomfortable. Check out the consent guide here.

Our photo rules are in place to keep OkCupid enjoyable for everyone.