Community Guidelines
June 2024

Pornhub prides itself on being a safe space for our creators and users to upload and consume adult content. We take a number of steps to help protect the safety of our community and integrity of our platform, which is achieved in part by ensuring that all content that is uploaded to our platform adheres to our Terms of Service.

To help our users understand what is and what is not allowed on our platform, we have summarized our Terms of Service and related policies below. That summary is not an exhaustive list. Our policies discuss prohibited content in more detail, and we ask our creators and users to read all linked policies.

Prohibited Content
Please see an overview of what is not allowed on Pornhub. These guidelines apply to audio, written, and visual content, as well as actual, simulated, and animated content.  Do not post content that:

Is Illegal, such that the content:

Depicts, promotes, or advocates for illegal activity of any kind.
Depicts children, which is defined as any individual under the age of 18 per our child sexual abuse material policy.
Constitutes or promotes any form of human trafficking, including sex trafficking.
Involves animal cruelty, including bestiality.
Involves death, snuff, torture, violence, or the exploitation of a corpse.
Is Non-consensual, including content that:

Depicts non-consensual acts, or the recording or distribution of intimate content without consent.
Depicts an individual’s likeness without their consent (including "deepfakes" or other forms of AI-generated or manipulated content).
Exposes private and identifying information about a particular individual (“doxing”).
Harms or may cause harm to individuals. This is considered content that:   

Harasses, bullies, or threatens or encourages others to do so.
Constitutes hate speech or inflammatory content, including violent extremism or political provocation.
Depicts, glorifies, encourages, promotes, or supports terrorism or violent extremist actors or acts.
Glorifies, promotes, or depicts acts of self-harm or suicide.
Glorifies or promotes eating disorders. 
Is inauthentic or is an unauthorized use of the platform, including content that:

Is spam, misleading or misinformation.
Impersonates another individual.
Infringes upon intellectual property rights.
Is otherwise unacceptable on Pornhub, including content that:

Promotes or arranges sexual services in exchange for money or goods.
Depicts, role-plays, or implies incest.
Involves feces of any kind or vomit with solid contents. 
Involves the use of certain drugs, or performers whose capacity to consent has been impeded by the use of drugs.   
Reacts to or tributes source content that has not been uploaded to Pornhub, or reacts to or tributes to more than one piece of content.
Features a sponsored product which offers or promotes illegal activity. 
Involves AI-generated content that is used in a realistic manner to alter the speech or behavior of the individual(s) depicted or any alterations to the individual(s) depicted which otherwise violate these guidelines.
Encourages conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, would give rise to civil liability, violate any law, or is otherwise inappropriate.
*This serves as an indicative list and does not constitute an exhaustive list. For the full description, please review our Terms of Service, under the section entitled, Prohibited Uses. Pornhub reserves the right at all times to determine whether content is appropriate for our platform and in compliance with our terms of service, and may remove any content at any time, without prior notice and in its sole discretion, if such content is found to be in violation of our Terms of Service, is otherwise objectionable or considered inappropriate for our platform.

Enforcement
We are steadfast in our commitment to protecting the safety of our users. As a content sharing platform, Pornhub relies on technology, our team of human moderators, and our wider community of users to help identify violative content.

 24/7 Human Moderation Team

Our team of moderators and support staff work 24 hours a day, 7 days a week in order to review all uploaded content for violations of our Terms of Service, address user concerns, and remove all content that we identify or which we are made aware of and deem as violating our policies and/or Terms of Service. 

 Community Oversight and Detection

If you come across content, users, or comments that you think may violate these guidelines or otherwise be harmful for the community, you may flag this content to us for review. Content may also be reported to us via our Content Removal Request form. 

 Automated Tools

In conjunction with our team of human moderators and regular audits of our platform, we also rely on innovative industry-standard technical tools to assist in identifying, reporting, and removing illegal and abusive content from our platform.

These technologies include:

Youtube’s CSAI Match, a tool that assists in identifying known child sex abuse videos
Microsoft’s PhotoDNA, a tool that aids in detecting and removing known images of child sexual abuse
Google's Content Safety API, a cutting-edge artificial intelligence (AI) tool that scores and prioritizes content based on the likelihood of illegal imagery to assist reviewers in detecting unknown CSAM
Safer, Thorn's comprehensive CSAM detection tool utilized to keep platforms free of abusive material
Instant Image Identifier – The Centre for Expertise on Online Sexual Child Abuse (Offlimits) tool, commissioned by the European Commission, detects known child abuse imagery using a triple verified database.
MediaWise® service from Vobile®, a state-of-the-art fingerprinting software and database, which scans all new user uploads to help prevent previously identified offending content from being re-uploaded.
NCMEC Hash Sharing - NCMEC’s database of known CSAM hashes, including hashes submitted by individuals who fingerprinted their own underage content via NCMEC’s Take It Down service. 
Internet Watch Foundation (IWF) Hash List – IWF’s database of known CSAM, sourced from hotline reports and the UK Home Office’s Child Abuse Image Database.
StopNCII.org: A global initiative (developed by Meta & SWGfL) that prevents the spread of non-consensual intimate images (NCII) online. If any adult (18+) is concerned about their intimate images (or videos) being shared online without consent, they can create a digital fingerprint of their own material and prevent it from being shared across participating platforms. 
Safeguard – our proprietary image fingerprinting and recognition technology designed with the purpose of combatting both child sexual abuse imagery and the distribution of non-consensual intimate images, and to help prevent the re-uploading of that content to our platform.
Age Estimation – We also utilize age estimation capabilities to analyze content uploaded to our platform using a combination of internal proprietary software and external technology in an effort to strengthen the varying methods we use to prevent the upload and publication of potential or actual CSAM.
Together, these tools play a fundamental role in our shared fight against the dissemination of abusive content on our platform.

Consequences for Violating these Guidelines
We are steadfast in our commitment to protecting the safety of our users. As a content sharing platform, Pornhub relies on technology, our team of human moderators, and our wider community of users to help identify violative content.

Where we identify or are made aware of content that may violate our Terms of Service and/or Community Guidelines, our dedicated team works swiftly to review and remove any violative content.

Depending on the findings, our team may also:

Utilize sophisticated industry-standard tools to fingerprint the content in question to block future uploads of the same content to our sites
Suspend or permanently terminate the associated user’s account, where appropriate
In addition to the above, if content violates our child sexual abuse material policy, it will be reported to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children (NCMEC).

Child Sexual Abuse Material Policy
We have a zero-tolerance policy towards any material that sexualizes, sexually exploits, or endangers children on our platform. If we find or are made aware of it, we will report it.

Pornhub is deeply committed to fighting the spread of child sexual abuse material (CSAM). This includes media, text, illustrated, or computer-generated images. We view it as our responsibility to ensure our platform is not used for sharing or consuming CSAM, and to deter users from searching for it.

Any content featuring or depicting a child (real, fictional, or animated) or promoting child sexual exploitation is strictly forbidden on our platform and is a severe violation of our Terms of Service. Written content (including, but not limited to, comments, content titles, content descriptions, messages, usernames, or profile descriptions) that promotes, references, or alludes to the sexual exploitation or abuse of a child is also strictly prohibited.

For the purposes of this policy, a child is any person under eighteen (18) years of age. We report all cases of apparent CSAM to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children (NCMEC), a nonprofit organization which operates a centralized clearinghouse for reporting incidents of online sexual exploitation of children. NCMEC makes reports available to appropriate law enforcement agencies globally.

Additionally, at Pornhub we endorse and stand behind the objectives of the Voluntary Principles to Counter Online Child Sexual Exploitation and Abuse, a collaborative initiative launched by the Five Country Ministerial (5 Eyes)[1] and backed by industry-leading tech companies to combat online child sexual exploitation and abuse. While some bad actors seek to exploit advances in technology and the digital world, we believe robust, efficient, and flexible policies, as well as participating in and supporting global cross-sector collaboration, can effectively eradicate the spread of online abuse.    

If you encounter child sexual abuse material on Pornhub, please report it to us via our Content Removal Request Form.  For information on how to report Child Sexual Abuse Material please refer to the Additional Resources and Support section below. 

Anyone can report potential violations of this policy.

For more information on how to report content, see the section titled “How Can You Help Us”.

All complaints and reports to Pornhub are kept confidential and are reviewed by human moderators who work swiftly to handle the content appropriately. If you believe a child is in imminent danger, please also alert your local law enforcement authorities immediately.  

[1] The Five Country Ministerial is made up of the Homeland Security, Public Safety and Immigration Ministers of Australia, Canada, New Zealand, the United Kingdom, and the United States, who gather annually to collaborate on meeting common security challenges.

Guideline
DO NOT post material (whether visual, audio or written content) that*:

Features, involves, or depicts a child.
Sexualizes a child. This includes content that features, involves, or depicts a child (including any illustrated, computer-generated, or other forms of realistic depictions of a human child) engaged in sexually explicit conduct or engaged in sexually suggestive acts.
* This serves as an indicative list and does not constitute an exhaustive list. For a more detailed description, please review our Terms of Service, under the section entitled, “Prohibited Uses”. Pornhub reserves the right at all times to determine whether content is appropriate and in compliance with our Terms of Service, and may, without prior notice and in its sole discretion, remove content at any time.

Enforcement
We have strict policies, operational mechanisms, and technologies in place to tackle and take swift action against CSAM. We also cooperate with law-enforcement investigations and promptly respond to valid legal requests received to assist in combating the dissemination of CSAM on our platform.

Our team of human moderators work around the clock to review all content uploaded to prevent any content which may be in violation of our CSAM or other policies, from appearing on our platform. Additionally, when we are alerted to an actual or potential instance of CSAM appearing on the platform, we remove and investigate the content and report any material identified as CSAM. As part of our ongoing efforts, we regularly audit our websites to update and expand our list of banned search words, titles, and tags, to ensure our community remains safe, inclusive, diverse, and free from abusive and illegal content.

In conjunction with our team of human moderators and regular audits of our platform, we also rely on innovative industry-standard technical tools to assist in identifying, reporting, and removing CSAM and other types of illegal content from our platform. We use automated detection technologies as added layers of protection to keep CSAM off our platform.

These technologies include:

Youtube’s CSAI Match, a tool that assists in identifying known child sex abuse videos.
Microsoft’s PhotoDNA, a tool that aids in detecting and removing known images of child sexual abuse.
Google's Content Safety API, a cutting-edge artificial intelligence (AI) tool that scores and prioritizes content based on the likelihood of illegal imagery to assist reviewers in detecting unknown CSAM.
Safer, Thorn's comprehensive CSAM detection tool utilized to keep platforms free of abusive material.
Instant Image Identifier, the Centre for Expertise on Online Sexual Child Abuse (Offlimits) tool, commissioned by the European Commission, detects known child abuse imagery using a triple verified database.
NCMEC Hash Sharing - NCMEC’s database of known CSAM hashes, including hashes submitted by individuals who fingerprinted their own underage content via NCMEC’s Take It Down service. 
Internet Watch Foundation (IWF) Hash List – IWF’s database of known CSAM, sourced from hotline reports and the UK Home Office’s Child Abuse Image Database.
MediaWise® service from Vobile ®, a state-of-the-art fingerprinting software and database, which scans all new user uploads to help prevent previously identified offending content from being re-uploaded.
Safeguard – our proprietary image fingerprinting and recognition technology designed with the purpose of combatting both child sexual abuse imagery and the distribution of non-consensual intimate images, and to help prevent the re-uploading of that content to our platform.
We also utilize age estimation capabilities to analyze content uploaded to our platform using a combination of internal proprietary software and external technology in an effort to strengthen the varying methods we use to prevent the upload and publication of potential or actual CSAM.

Together, these tools play a fundamental role in our shared fight against the dissemination of CSAM on our platform, as well as our mission to assist in collective industry efforts to eradicate the horrendous global crime that is online child sexual exploitation and abuse.

How Can You Help Us
If you believe you have come across CSAM, or any other content that otherwise violates our Terms of Service, we strongly encourage you to immediately alert us by flagging the content for our review.

If you are the victim or have first-hand knowledge that content violates our CSAM policy, please report the content to us by completing and submitting our Content Removal Request Form. Please include all relevant URL links to the content in question and we will address your request confidentially and remove the content expeditiously.

Anyone can report violations of this policy using our Content Removal Request Form, whether they have an account on our platform or not.

Consequences for violating this policy
We have a zero-tolerance policy towards any content that involves a child or constitutes child sexual abuse material. All child sexual abuse material that we identify or are made aware of results in the immediate removal of the content in question and the banning of its uploader. We report all cases of apparent CSAM to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children.

Additional Resources and Support
If you believe a child is in imminent danger, you should reach out to your local law enforcement agency to report the situation immediately.

You may also choose to reach out to and report cases of child sexual exploitation or abuse material to any of the following resource organizations dedicated to eliminating and preventing child sexual exploitation. Reports can be made anonymously and are an integral part in protecting the safety of children.

International Association of Internet Hotlines

National Center for Missing and Exploited Children (NCMEC)

Canadian Centre for Child Protection

Internet Watch Foundation

We work with multiple organizations whose work is dedicated to fighting child sexual exploitation around the world.

Animal Welfare Policy

Pornhub is a content-hosting and sharing platform for consenting adult use and entertainment only. At Pornhub, we denounce the involvement in any way of animals in any abusive and/or sexual context.

That is why all forms of animal* abuse and cruelty, whether physical or psychological is prohibited. More specifically, we don’t allow any visual or written content involving animal abuse, including “crushing.” We also prohibit content that involves or advocates for the sexual exploitation of animals, including as the object of sexual interest, and/or contact with an animal for a sexual purpose, including “bestiality.”

Refer to our guideline below for some practical examples of what we do NOT allow on Pornhub.

* For the purposes of the present guideline, 'animal' is considered to be any actual, true, or realistic representation or depiction (including animated) non-human animal.

Guidelines 
The following guidelines apply to audio, written, and visual, as well as actual, simulated, and animated content 

Do NOT post any content (including animated) that features, depicts, advocates for, or promotes:

Any sexual act or contact in sexual context, between a human and an animal, whether visual, verbal, or written.
Placement of animals by humans within cruel or unusual confinement, regardless of the presence of humans.
The depiction or appearance of emotional distress caused to an animal by a human.
Forcing animals into an act (violent or sexual) with a human or other animal.
Sexual arousal by, from, or with animals, whether visual, verbal, or written. 
Sexual activity while in proximity of an animal where the animal appears to be the primary focus and/or the object of arousal for the individual(s).
Subjecting animals to any type of bodily harm.
Animal and insect crushing.
Enforcement
We are steadfast in our commitment to protecting the safety of our users. As a user-generated content hosting platform, Pornhub relies on technology, our team of human moderators, and our wider community of users to help identify violative content.

  24/7 Human Moderation Team

Our team of moderators and support staff work 24 hours a day, 7 days a week in order to review all uploaded content for violations of our Terms of Service, and address user concerns, and remove all content that we identify or which we are made aware of and deem as violating our policies and/or Terms of Service. 

  Community Oversight and Detection

If you come across content, users, or comments that you think may violate this policy or otherwise be harmful for the community, you may flag this content to us for review. 

  Automated Tools

Content that is identified and removed for violating our Animal Welfare policy may be digitally fingerprinted using both the MediaWise® service from Vobile® and Safeguard, our own proprietary digital fingerprinting software. Digitally fingerprinting unauthorized content serves as an added layer of protection against further distribution of the content on our platform.

Consequences for Violating this Policy 
In all cases where we identify or are made aware of content that may violate our Terms of Service and Community Guidelines, our dedicated team works swiftly to review and remove any violative content.

Depending on the findings, our team may also:

Utilize sophisticated industry-standard tools to fingerprint the content in question in order to block potential future uploads of the same content to our sites; AND
Suspend or permanently terminate the associated user’s account, where appropriate.
How Can You Help Us?
If you believe you have come across content that may otherwise violate our Terms of Service reach out to us at support@pornhub.com or, if you’re signed into your Pornhub account, you can alert us by flagging the content for our review.

Violent Content Policy
Any content that depicts activity or behavior posing a real threat or likelihood of causing serious physical injury or death to the person(s) featured is strictly prohibited on our platform and constitutes a serious violation of our Terms of Service.

It is important to remember that pornography does not always represent sexual interactions and behaviors typical of everyday life, and often depicts diverse fantasies and role-play scenarios by consenting amateurs and professionals. Valid consent and intent are integral for all images and videos uploaded to the site, and therefore context plays a critical role in evaluating whether extreme fantasies violate our Terms of Service or pose a real threat or likelihood of causing serious distress or physical injury to the individuals involved.

Pornhub aims to offer the adult community an open, safe, and diverse space for an array of sexual expression and preferences. Consent and context are key to distinguishing content that depicts prohibited content, such as extreme violence posing a serious risk of harm or death, from exploring pain, kinks and/or less traditional sexual-based activities. Content that is categorized as BDSM, hardcore, or rough may often contain graphic content and/or violence. Although we recognize that some may consider BDSM, Hardcore, or Rough sex as “degrading” or “dehumanizing,” these words are entirely subjective. Essentially, what is degrading and dehumanizing to you may be empowering and dignifying for someone practicing safe BDSM. To learn more about healthy BDSM, we invite users to check out our additional resources section below.

That being said, we wish to highlight that although fetishes such as BDSM, Hardcore, and Rough Sex are popular categories, the vast majority of this style of content is created and produced by professionals in a safe and secure environment, employing strict consent and safety-based protocols, and involving consenting adults. In all cases, be it professional or amateur, we expect all user content to adhere to the Pornhub's Core Values. 

Our Sexual Wellness Center offers advice from a variety of health care practitioners, sex therapists, and industry experts. To learn more about Pornhub’s commitment to promoting sexual wellness  visit our Sexual Wellness Center. If you are seeking advice on your current sexual activities or are looking to try something new, it is important to do your research and educate yourself on safe practice. Consider checking out and/or contacting one of the resources listed below in our additional resources section. 

Guidelines
Do NOT post any content that*:

Features non-consensual activity
Depicts activity or behaviour posing a real threat or likelihood of causing serious physical injury or death to the person(s) featured
Features animal crushing (one or more living non-human mammals, birds, reptiles or amphibians is purposely crushed, burned, drowned, suffocated, impaled or otherwise subjected to serious bodily injury)
Features blood resulting from inflicted bodily harm
We reiterate that consent is integral for all content uploaded to the platform, and context is a key component when evaluating graphic and/or content that contains violence. Consent and intent play a critical role in evaluating context and whether or not the extent of violence depicted in content is prohibited.

*This serves as an indicative list and does not constitute an exhaustive list. For the full description, please review our Terms of Service, under the section entitled, Prohibited Uses. Pornhub reserves the right at all times to determine whether content is appropriate and in compliance with our Terms of Service, and may remove any content at any time, without prior notice and in its sole discretion, if such content is found to be in violation of our Terms of Service or is otherwise objectionable.

Enforcement
Context and intent are integral aspects of our moderation protocols when it comes to identifying the aforementioned types of content. Pornhub relies on a dedicated team of human moderators that work around the clock to review and remove all content that violates our Terms of Service, including content that depicts extreme violence posing a serious risk to the lives of individuals involved. Amongst a range of cues and criteria, our compliance team monitors for language, intent and context in order to distinguish content that constitutes a credible threat to public or personal safety.

  If you come across content on our platform that violates this policy, or content that otherwise violate our Terms of Service, please report it to us by completing and submitting our Content Removal Request Form. Once submitted and reviewed by one of our moderators, the content in question will be removed, where appropriate, expeditiously.
Consequences for Violating this Policy
We will immediately remove any content found to violate the present policy. Where appropriate, the user’s associated account may also be permanently terminated.

Additional Resources and Support
 
 
If you believe anyone is in imminent danger, you should reach out to your local law enforcement agency to report the situation immediately.

To learn more about BDSM, you can check out some of the links below which aim to offer accurate information on healthy and consensual BDSM:

BDSM Safety

Center For Sex And Culture
The Center for Sex and Culture is a non-profit educational and advocacy organization based in San Francisco. For decades, the Center has worked to preserve the history of our communities as well as disseminate information about sexuality, sexual health and safer sex.

National Domestic Violence Hotline - Healthy BDSM Relationships Are Possible
The Hotline® is the only 24/7 center in the nation that has access to service providers and shelters across the U.S. and envision a world where all relationships are positive, healthy, and free from violence.

National Coalition Of Sexual Freedom
The NCSF is committed to creating a political, legal and social environment in the US that advances equal rights for consenting adults who engage in alternative sexual and relationship expressions. The NCSF employs a mix of direct services, education, advocacy, and outreach to directly benefit our communities.

Sexuality Education Resource Centre Mb (Serc) Sexuality Education Resource Centre provides inclusive, non-judgmental education about sexuality. They believe that people have the right to accurate information on all their choices.

Woodhull Sexual Freedom Alliance
The Woodhull Sexual Freedom Alliance (WSFA) works to to advance the recognition of sexual, gender, and family diversity, and believes that sexual freedom is a fundamental human right of all individuals.

 
 

For more information, support, and referrals, you may wish to:

Call someone you trust to support you
Call your local law enforcement
Contact a crisis line or organization dedicated to supporting and informing those in need. Below are just a few organizations:
 

AUSTRALIA:

1800 RESPECT
  https://www.1800respect.org.au/ 
  Call 1800 737 732

 

CANADA:

ASSAULTED WOMEN'S HELPLINE
  http://www.awhl.org/home 
  1-866-863-0511 or TTY 1-866-863-7868

FEM'AIDE (Ligne de soutien pour femmes violentées)
  https://www.femaide.ca/ 
  1.877.336.2433 or 1.866.860.7082 (ATS)

 

EUROPE:

HELPLINE DIRECTORY
  https://ec.europa.eu/justice/saynostopvaw/helpline.html
This directory provides table of the national women’s helplines available in 46 European countries. If there is no national helpline, a regional or general helpline is listed (these countries are marked with a *).

 

NEW ZEALAND:

WOMEN'S REFUGE CRISIS LINE
  https://www.womensrefuge.org.nz/ 
  0800 REFUGE or 0800 733 843



PHILIPPINES:

WOMEN'S LEGAL AND HUMAN RIGHTS BUREAU
  https://wlbonline.org/wlb-atj/ 


UK:

NATIONAL DOMESTIC VIOLENCE HELPLINE
  https://www.nationaldahelpline.org.uk/ 
  0808 2000 247

 

UKRAINE:

LA STRADA
  http://lastradainternational.org.ua/ 

 

USA:

NATIONAL DOMESTIC VIOLENCE HOTLINE 
  https://www.thehotline.org 
  1-800-787-3224 (TTY)

RAINN (Rape, Abuse & Incest National Network)
   https://www.rainn.org/ 
  800.656.HOPE (4673)

LOVE IS RESPECT
  https://www.loveisrespect.org/
  TTY: 1.866.331.8453

Copyright
Pornhub’s Terms of Service do not allow users to upload content that infringes upon intellectual property rights, including copyright and trademark. The Pornhub community thrives on new and original content, and we ask users to be sure that they respect others’ legal rights before sharing or uploading content. Publishing or otherwise distributing content for which you do not have authorization is strictly prohibited.

Furthermore, Pornhub’s partnerships with numerous content producers, both professional and amateur are vital for the growth and continued success of the platform and its community, and so respecting intellectual property rights is essential to promote expression, originality and innovative new content.

We take claims of copyright infringement seriously and consider well-founded claims to be a serious violation to our Terms of Service. Pornhub operates a clear Copyright Process in relation to any content alleged to infringe the copyright of a third party. We will respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement that comply with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (the “DMCA”) or any other applicable intellectual property legislation or laws.

If you believe that any Content violates your copyright, please see our Copyright Process for instructions on sending us a notice of copyright infringement.

Request a Copyright Takedown
If you believe any material accessible on Pornhub infringes your copyright, you may submit our copyright infringement notification form (or "DMCA takedown notice"). This form is designed to help you identify your content accurately and help speed up the process of content take-down. These requests should only be submitted by the copyright owner or an agent authorized to act on the owner’s behalf.

Before submitting your notice, we invite those who claim copyright infringement to first consider whether fair use, fair dealing, or a similar exception to copyright applies to the content in question.

What Happens When You Submit a DMCA Takedown Request?
Once submitted and received, your request will be promptly addressed by our copyright/DMCA team. We will only act on copyright takedown notices that comply with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (the “DMCA”) or any other applicable intellectual property legislation or laws. In the event that our team considers that your request does not comply with the DMCA information requirements for a valid takedown, you will be promptly notified.

Upon receipt of a compliant DMCA takedown notice, the copyright owner’s name, or alternative stage name, where specifically requested as a replacement to the copyright owner’s name, will be published on Pornhub in place of disabled content. This will become part of the public record of your DMCA Notice, along with your description of the work(s) allegedly infringed. All the information provided in a DMCA takedown notice, the actual DMCA Notice (including your personal information), or both may be forwarded to the uploader of the allegedly infringing content. By submitting a DMCA takedown notice, you consent to having your information revealed in this way.

Responses may include removing, blocking or disabling access to material claimed to be the subject of infringing activity, terminating the user’s access to Pornhub, or all of the foregoing.

If we remove or disable access to material in response to such a notice, we will take reasonable steps to notify the user that uploaded the affected content material that we have removed or disabled access to so that the user has the opportunity to submit a counter notification. For more information on the counter-notification process, please visit: https://www.pornhub.com/information/dmca.

Protecting Your Work
We strongly encourage users to “fingerprint” the content in question as an additional safeguard against having your work used by others without authorization. We use the MediaWise® service from Vobile®, a third-party digital fingerprinting system, to assist us in identifying and blocking content from being uploaded by users. Videos uploaded to Pornhub are compared against a database of digital fingerprints maintained by MediaWise. Once the content is fingerprinted, this should effectively block future uploads of the content to our platform.

If you are interested in having your content digitally fingerprinted by Vobile you may contact them directly via http://www.vobileinc.com/contact/.
Alternatively, we may assist you in fingerprinting the content at issue.  Please advise us if you want us to take this action on your behalf by duly completing and submitting our content removal request form here, and specifying that you would like assistance in having your content, or the content in which you are featured but did not consent to have shared, digitally fingerprinted.

Non-Consensual Content Policy

Consent, as a rule and value, is paramount to the security of our users and integrity of our platform.

We require all uploaders to affirm they have obtained and maintain valid consent and proper release documentation for all persons featured in all content uploaded to the platform. In addition, content must adhere to our core values, community guidelines, as well as our Terms of Service.

Content that we identify as a violation of our Non-Consensual Content Policy will be removed, and the associated user’s account actioned accordingly.

What is considered a violation of our non-consensual content policy:

The recording or distribution of intimate images (that is, photos and videos that are generally understood to depict explicit sexual activity or nudity or partial nudity) without someone’s consent is a violation of that person’s privacy and is a severe violation of our Terms of Service, and is strictly prohibited. Content featuring or promoting non-consensual acts, real or simulated, is also prohibited.

Guidelines 
Do NOT use the platform to upload, post, or otherwise share explicit images or videos that were taken, appear to have been taken or that were shared without the consent of the people involved. Examples of the types of content that violate this policy include, but are not limited to*:

Videos or photos of any person, whether in a public or private setting, without that person’s valid written consent (such as hidden/spy camera content, or up-skirt content);
Sharing explicit sexual images of someone else without their valid written consent (this would include, namely: non-consensual distribution of intimate images, also commonly referred to as “revenge porn”);
Sharing non-sexually explicit images of someone else without their valid written consent;
“Doxing”, defined as exposing private and identifying information about a particular individual, including phone number, e-mail, address, or full name.
To help protect the integrity of the platform, we also prohibit content, including fictional, simulated, or animated, that features or depicts*:
Depictions of non-consensual sexual activity*, including forced sexual acts, rape, or sexual assault;
Persons appearing drugged, incapacitated, or intoxicated** involved in sexual acts;
Any “deepfakes” whatsoever (manipulating a person’s image, whether in picture or video, to deceive or mislead the viewer into believing that person is acting or speaking in the way presented, absent artistic merit).
* See our section below on Sensitive Themes and Considerations for Consent.

** Intoxicated (including pretending to be) means a state induced by alcohol or drugs, whether legal, illicit, or recreational as determined by Pornhub in its sole discretion, such that a performer’s judgment appears to the reasonable observer as objectively impaired.

Sensitive Themes and Consideration for Consent 
It is important to remember that pornography does not always represent sexual interactions and behaviors typical of everyday life, and often depicts diverse fantasies and role-play scenarios by consenting amateurs and professionals. In all cases, whether professional or amateur, we expect content to adhere to Pornhub's core values and Terms of Service.

When reviewing content depicting the sensitive themes listed below, we take the following into consideration to determine whether it violates our Terms of Service. We recommend reviewing our detailed policy before uploading content involving these sensitive themes. Consent must be determinable by the reasonable observer from the material itself, which may be assessed either through clear verbal or visual cues.

Note that we consider many factors to distinguish fantasy from reality. The following is a non-exhaustive list of what we consider sensitive themes. Accordingly, content engaging with the following themes is subject to removal, and appropriate account enforcement, where found to be in violation of our Terms of Service:

Spells, Mesmerizing, or Possession: We do not permit content where:
A performer is depicted as incapacitated, or otherwise completely unconscious because of possession, spells, or mesmerizing;
Performers display signs of distress or panic during or after the act; or
Realistic depictions of spellbound, mesmerized, or possessed performers engaged in or subjected to sexual acts.
Sleep: Where there is a component of sleep in the content, the person must wake up within a reasonable time from the start of any sexual act(s) and consent must be made clear by that person.
Bondage and Restraints: If a scene features the use of a gag, restraint(s), or other device(s) that would render a performer unable to clearly speak or move, consent to continued participation must be clearly determinable from the material itself, or where it cannot be, consent must be clearly determinable through other visual or verbal cues.
Sub-Dom Fantasies: Consent must be determinable from the material itself, through clear verbal or visual cues.
To be clear, our rules with respect to these sensitive themes are not a judgment on these forms of sexual expression but aim to make clear what is or is not acceptable on our platform, to maintain a safe community.
Enforcement 
We are steadfast in our commitment to protecting the safety of our users. As a content sharing platform, Pornhub relies on technology, our team of human moderators, and our wider community of users to help identify violative content. We also actively cooperate with law-enforcement investigations and promptly respond to valid legal requests received in order to assist in combating the dissemination of non-consensual recordings and distribution on the Pornhub platform.

  24/7 Human Moderation Team

Our team of moderators and support staff work 24 hours a day, 7 days a week in order to review all uploaded content for violations of our Terms of Service, address user concerns, and remove all non-consensual content that we identify or of which we are made aware.

  Community Oversight and Detection

Detecting non-consensual images at the time of upload is complex. While we use technology to combat the distribution of non-consensual intimate images and videos, we also rely on people proactively reporting that type of content to us. As such, members of our community play an important role in helping to secure the integrity and safety of our platform.

If you have first-hand knowledge of content on the platform that violates these guidelines, or is otherwise illegal and abusive, you may alert us by filling out and submitting our Content Removal Request Form as soon as possible so that we can take appropriate and swift action.

If you are a registered user, if you come across content, users, or comments that you think may be harmful for the community, you may also flag them to us for review. 

  Automated Tools

In conjunction with our team of human moderators and regular audits of our platform, we also rely on innovative industry-standard technical tools to assist in identifying, reporting, and removing illegal and abusive content from our platform.

These technologies include:

StopNCII.org: A global initiative (developed by Meta & SWGfL) that prevents the spread of non-consensual intimate images (NCII) online. If any adult (18+) is concerned about their intimate images (or videos) being shared online without consent, they can create a digital fingerprint of their own material and prevent it from being shared across participating platforms. 
MediaWise® service from Vobile®, a state-of-the-art fingerprinting software and database, which scans all new user uploads to help prevent previously identified offending content from being re-uploaded.
Safeguard – our proprietary image fingerprinting and recognition technology designed with the purpose of combatting both child sexual abuse imagery and the distribution of non-consensual intimate images, and to help prevent the re-uploading of that content to our platform.
We encourage users who have content in which they are featured, and who wish to prevent the upload of such content to our platform, to consider proactively digitally fingerprinting it.

If you are interested in having your content digitally fingerprinted by Vobile you may contact them directly via https://vobile.com/about/contact/. 

  Should you wish to remove content that you: appear in and did not consent to have made and/or shared; OR content that is illegal and/or otherwise violates our Terms of Service, please report it to us.
Consequences for Violating this Policy 
In all cases where we identify or are made aware of content that violates this policy, our Trust & Safety and Moderation teams work swiftly to:

Review and remove infringing content;
Fingerprint the content in question to help block future uploads of the same content to our sites; AND
Suspend or permanently terminate the associated uploader's account, where appropriate. 
How Can You Help Us? 
If you believe you have come across non-consensual content, or any other content that otherwise violates our Terms of Service, we strongly encourage you to immediately alert us by flagging the content for our review.

If you are the victim or have first-hand knowledge that content violates our Non-Consensual Content policy, please report the content to us by completing and submitting our CONTENT REMOVAL REQUEST FORM. Please include all relevant URL links to the content in question and we will address your request confidentially and remove the content expeditiously.

Anyone can report violations of this policy using our CONTENT REMOVAL REQUEST FORM, whether they have an account on our platform or not.

Additional Resources and Support 
 

For more information, support, and referrals, you may wish to:

Call someone you trust to support you
Call your local law enforcement
Contact a crisis line or organization dedicated to supporting and informing those in need. Below are just a few organizations, organized alphabetically according to country or region:
 


AUSTRALIA:

Office of the esafety Commissioner
Purpose is to help safeguard all Australians from online harms and to promote safer, more positive online experiences.
  https://www.esafety.gov.au/about-us
  Report forms | eSafety Commissioner

BRAZIL:
SaferNet
SaferNet is an NGO that runs the Safer Internet Centre in Brazil, which offers a web-based helpline to support victims of online violence. 
 http://www.safernet.org.br/site/webline 

BELGIUM:

Belgian Institute for the Equality of Women and Men
  https://igvm-iefh.belgium.be/fr/institut
  1800 12 800
  egalite.hommesfemmes@iefh.belgique.be

CANADA:

Young Women's Christian Association (YWCA)
A multi-service organization supporting women and girls against violence and human rights violations. 
  ywcanada.ca/en > Guide on Sexual Image Based Abuse

DENMARK:

Stop Harassment (StopChikane)
StopChikane is a counseling service for all people over the age of 18 who are exposed to digital violence and digital infringement.
https://stopchikane.nu/om-stopchikane/hvem-er-stopchikane/
  28 83 40 70
  kontakt@stopchikane.nu

FRANCE:

Right to the Image (Droit à l’image)
A French government website explaining the legal rights an individual has to his or her image, as well as pathways to request the removal of an image.
  https://service-public.fr/particuliers/vosdroits/F32103

GERMANY: 

Violence against women support hotline
  https://www.hilfetelefon.de
  08000 116 016

HONG KONG: 

Association Concerning Sexual Violence Against Women
  https://rainlily.org.hk/chi/about
  safechat@rainlily.org.hk 

INDIA: 

Parihar
Partnered with Bengaluru City Police, they provide support and advice for people who have had intimate images shared without their consent. Parihar caters to women and children who need Immediate Rescue, Police Support, Counselling, Short Stay Facility, Medical, Psychiatry & Legal Aid.
  http://bcpparihar.org/about-us/
  080 – 22943225 / 22943224
  pariharfcc.vsv@gmail.com

IRELAND:

Women's Aid
A leading national organisation that has been working in Ireland to stop domestic violence against women and children since 1974.
  https://www.womensaid.ie/
  1800 341 900 (24/7 helpline)
  info@womensaid.ie

ISRAEL:
Project Ma'at
Project Ma'at assists victims of sexual crimes on the web to receive information about their offender's identity. This enables further action, such as approaching the police and filing a civil lawsuit.  
   https://www.projectmaat.com/
   hello@projectmaat.com 
ITALY:
Permessonegato
  https://www.permessonegato.it/

JAPAN:

Safer Internet Association Safe Line Japan
Handle reports from the public regarding illegal content and harmful content on the internet that could lead users to become the victims of crime.
 www.saferinternet.or.jp
  contact via web form

LATIN AMERICA:

Acoso.Online  
  https://acoso.online/

MEXICO:

Cultivating Gender (Cultivando Género)
Cultivating Gender is a Civil Association that aims to promote equality and rights of women, girls and boys, through education for peace and non-violence. It also provides consulting, advisory and training services to public bodies and private entities on issues related to the gender perspective and the human rights approach.
  https://cultivandogeneroac.wixsite.com/misitio/nosotras
  0800 39393
  cultivandogeneroac@gmail.com

NETHERLANDS:

helpwanted.nl
Over ons (helpwanted.nl)
  info@helpwanted.nl

NEW ZEALAND:

Netsafe
https://www.netsafe.org.nz/aboutnetsafe/
  0508 NETSAFE (0508 638 723) 
  help@netsafe.org.nz 

PAKISTAN:

Digital Rights Foundation
Digital Rights Foundation’s Cyber Harassment Helpline is Pakistan’s first dedicated, toll-free Helpline for victims of online harassment and violence.  The Helpline provides a free, safe and confidential service. The Helpline aims to provide legal advice, digital security support, psychological counselling and a referral system to victims of online harassment. The Helpline will provide a judgment-free, private and gender-sensitive environment for all its callers.
  https://digitalrightsfoundation.pk/cyber-harassment-helpline/
  0800 39393
  helpdesk@digitalrightsfoundation.pk

POLAND:

On-Call (Dyżurnet.pl)
The Dyżurnet.pl team is a point of contact that has been functioning within the framework of NASK since 2005. It responds to anonymous reports received from Internet users about potentially illegal material.
  http://dyzurnet.pl

  801 615 005
  dyzurnet@dyzurnet.pl

RUSSIA:

Crime Victim Support Fund
Providing free assistance to the victims and witnesses of crime.
https://soprotivlenie.org/

  +7 (495) 781-96-02
  info@fondpp.org

SOUTH KOREA:

Korea Cyber Sexual Violence Response Center (KCSVRC)
Supports cyber sexual violence victims through counselling support, video deletion support, investigation, legal support, and psychotherapy support. 
  www.cyber-lion.com
  (+82) 02-817-7959
  hotline@cyber-lion.com

SPAIN:

Internet Security Office
Provides necessary information and support to avoid and resolve security problems that may exist when browsing the Internet.
  https://www.osi.es/es/quienes-somos
  incidencias@incibe-cert.es

SWITZERLAND:

National Cyber Security Centre
  https://www.ncsc.admin.ch/ncsc/en/home/ueber-ncsc/das-ncsc.html

UK:

Revenge Porn Helpline
The UK’s only service dedicated to providing expert support for adult victims of intimate image abuse. 
 https://revengepornhelpline.org.uk/
   0345 600 0459
  Anonymous Reporting

The UK Safer Internet Centre 
UK Safer Internet Centre is a partnership of three leading charities with a mission to make the internet a better place for children and young people.
 https://www.saferinternet.org.uk/

UKRAINE:

International Women's Rights Center ("La Strada Ukraine") 
The International Women's Rights Center "La Strada Ukraine" (registered in March 1998) works in the field of prevention of trafficking in persons, especially women and children, the elimination of all forms of discrimination and violence in society, promotion and protection of human rights, gender equality and children's rights.
  https://la-strada.org.ua/
 +38 044 205 36 95
  info@la-strada.org.ua

USA:
The US-operated Cyber Civil Rights Initiative (CCRI)
CCRI provide emotional, technical, and informational support for victims of online abuse. You can contact CCRI via their toll-free crisis helpline, available 24 hours a day and seven days a week.
 https://www.cybercivilrights.org/
  +1-844-878-2274


Love is Respect
Loveisrespect is a resource to empower youth to prevent and end dating abuse. It is a project of the National Domestic Violence Hotline. Highly-trained advocates offer support, information and advocacy to young people who have questions or concerns about their dating relationships. They also provide information and support to concerned friends and family members, teachers, counselors, service providers and members of law enforcement. Free and confidential phone, live chat and texting services are available 24/7/365.
 https://www.loveisrespect.org/
  1-866-331-9474

Hate Speech Policy

Pornhub offers the adult community an open, expressive, safe, and diverse space for an array of legal sexual content, expression, and kinks. To ensure the safety of that space, we do not tolerate hate speech in any form.

One of our core values is inclusivity, and hate speech threatens community safety. Hate speech has no place on our platform, and we are committed to its eradication.   

Our hate speech policy is designed to help educate our community of users and to protect our platform from violence.

What is speech and what is hate speech?
We consider speech as any form of published communication on, to, or via the platform. We define hate speech as any communication or material that promotes, calls for, supports, or advocates for the delegitimization, dehumanization, discrimination, segregation, detestation, or vilification of a person or group of persons by reason of the fact that they are identifiable on the basis of protected characteristics.

At its most extreme, hate speech calls for, threatens, or promotes violence against people that are identifiable on the basis of protected characteristics.

Protected Characteristics
For the purposes of the policy, protected characteristics are defined as follows: 

Age
Sexual Orientation
Sex
Gender
Gender Identity
Ethnicity 
Race
National origin
Religion 
Caste
Serious disease
Disability
Immigration status
Guideline
As always, don't post content if you think it might violate our Terms of Service. We reserve the right to remove content at our sole discretion that we believe violates our Policies or Terms of Service.

Do NOT upload, post, or otherwise communicate content that threatens, advocates, justifies, promotes, or displays any of the following:

Physical or sexual violence against any persons on the basis of protected characteristics; violence toward organizations or target (building/institution/territory)
Any sign, symbol, slogan, emblem, text, flag, hand gesture, or poster associated with any group, person, or organization that proclaims a violent and/or hateful mission (e.g. known terrorist organizations listed by the UN Security Council Consolidated List)
Any group, person, or organization that proclaims as its mission or is otherwise generally accepted or known to be associated with violence, threatening, calling for, promoting, or advocating of hate toward persons based on protected characteristics
Speech which expresses the belittlement, de-humanization, vilification, segregation or banishment of a person or group; denial or minimization of a persecution of a person or group
Stereotypes, tropes, expressions, slurs, and/or epithets, including other words or phrases used pejoratively toward or in reference to persons based on protected characteristics, regardless of the intended audience*;
Freedom of Expression
We recognize that sometimes the line between permitted speech and hate speech will be difficult to draw.
You may not like everything you see, read, or hear on Pornhub. However, this does not mean that such content constitutes hate speech. It is important to remember that other forms of expression, while repugnant, offensive, weird, or distasteful to some, do not always rise to the level of hateful expression. Context also plays a role in our assessment of hate speech.

The following are acceptable as long they adhere to our Terms of Service:

Humiliation play as a fetish is allowed so long as it does not involve any form of hateful expression (see above);
Role-play is acceptable so long as it does not promote, glorify, justify, or incite violence, dehumanization, or vilification of a person or group of persons, on the basis of protected characteristics;
Slurs used self-referentially and/or in an empowering way, and where additional context is provided to be able to clearly distinguish intent and which is not employed excessively;
Any of the above prohibitions when it is clear to the reasonable observer that the content is intended as satire or has educational merit;
Enforcement
We are steadfast in our commitment to protecting the safety of our users. As a content sharing platform, Pornhub relies on technology, our team of human moderators, and our wider community of users to help identify violative content. We also actively cooperate with law-enforcement investigations and promptly respond to valid legal requests received in order to assist in combating the dissemination of non-consensual recordings and distribution on the Pornhub platform.
  24/7 Human Moderation Team

Our team of moderators and support staff work 24 hours a day, 7 days a week to review all uploaded content for violations, address user concerns, and remove all content that we identify or of which we are made aware of and deem as constituting hate speech.

  Community Oversight and Detection

We always encourage our community of users who come across content that is suspected to violate our guidelines to alert us by filling out and submitting our Content Removal Request form as soon as possible so that we may take appropriate and swift action. If you are a registered user, if you come across content, users, or comments that you think may be harmful for the community, you may also flag them to us for review.

    Automated Tools

Digitally fingerprinting unauthorized content can serve as an added layer of protection against previously identified and actioned infringing content from being re-uploaded on our platform. We use the MediaWise® service from Vobile®, a third-party digital fingerprinting system, to assist us in identifying and blocking previously identified unauthorized content that has been fingerprinting from being uploaded by users, as well as our own proprietary digital fingerprinting tool, Safeguard. Content that we identify and remove for violating our hate speech guideline is digitally fingerprinted using our third-party digital fingerprinting service provider, Vobile, and our proprietary fingerprinting tool, Safeguard. Digitally fingerprinting unauthorized content can serve as an added layer of protection against further distribution of said content on our platform.

Consequences of Violating this Policy
In all cases where we identify or are made aware of content that may violate our Terms of Service and Community Guidelines, our dedicated team works swiftly to review and remove any violative content.
Depending on the findings, our team may also:

Utilize sophisticated industry-standard tools to fingerprint the content in question to block potential future uploads of the same content to our sites; AND
Suspend or permanently terminate the associated user’s account, where appropriate.
How Can You Help Us?
If you believe you have come across content that may otherwise violate our Terms of Service, reach out to us at support@pornhub.com, ensuring to provide us with anything that may assist us in locating the problematic content (ex. URL to the video or where the comment(s) can be found). Our team will work swiftly to review your claim and remove content where we determine a violation of this Policy or our Terms of Service. Alternatively, if you’re signed into your Pornhub account, you can alert us by flagging the content for our review.